 - v.0.2.2
   - Packaged as gem
   - Add background parser
   - Add ActiveSupport
* Wed Dec 19 2012 - Dmytro Kovalov
 - v.0.2.1
   - fix for DOS formatted and spaces in config ; better error reporting for spec. fixes #8
   - Switch to markdown in documentation: README, CONFIGURAION etc.
   - Configuration documentation. Examples of usage for JSON: example files and scripts.
   - Nagira::INSTALL configuration constant. Use Nagira::INSTALL for init.d creation.
   - ERB  template for /etc/init./d file
   - Fixes for YARD formatting
   - Use Travis CI for Nagira testing
* Thu Oct  4 19:45:00 JST 2012 v.0.2.0
  - lot of bux fixes
  - API: first working PUT API for process host status and process service status external commands
* 2012-09-28 Dmytro Kovalov - v. 0.1.5
  - many changes for testing files nagios.cfg, objects, status. Tested to work both in dev/test and production environments. 
  - more documentation
  - API: additional modifier for output: _full. By default now /_status returns Hahs with hoststatus only. Use ../_full to get both hoststatus and sevicestatus.
* 2012-09-26 Dmytro Kovalov - v. 0.1.4
  - added support for JSON-P parameters (?callback=<nam>)
  - change API to have all keywords underscored, to avoid clashes with object names (/_status, _objects, /_status/_list etc).
* 2012-06-8 Dmytro Kovalov - v. 0.1.3
  - specs for /config, /status, /objects - simple page loads and data
    checks;
  - /api route;
  - bugfixes;
  - YARD documentation;
* 2012-06-2 Dmytro Kovalov - v. 0.1.2
  - spec for configuration files 
  - spec for basic responses from Sinatra (GET /objects, GET /status)
  - CONFIGURATION.rdoc
  - configuration cleanup
* 2012-05-22 Dmytro Kovalov
  - start using Gemfile 
  - INSTALL.rdoc - simple description of installation procedure
* 2012-01-12 Dmytro Kovalov
  - History.rdoc and version.txt files
  - Routes for objects configuration GET's
  - FEATURES.rdoc
  - YARD documentation 
* 2012-01-02 Dmytro Kovalov
  - First Sinatra application to return service state information
* 2011-12-25 @dmytro
  - Started Github project

