
= FEATURES

* GET requests for configuration and status information retrieval

* Multiple output formats: add format extension at the end of the
  route (+.xml+, +.json+, +.yaml+)

* Named routes (_hostname_, _service_name_), not ID's

* Full or short host/service state information (for short summary add
  +/_state+ at the end of the route)

* Lists of objects (hosts, services, configured objects) where
  applicable: add +/list+ at the end of the route

== Routes for configured objects in the system

Namespace for object configuration starts from "/_objects". Route may
be appended by +/_list+ to get short list of objects or object classes.

All routes can be followed by format specifier: +.(xml|yaml|json)+

Following routes are implemented (all +GET+):

* +/_objects+ - all configured and parsed objects, groupped by class.

* +/\_objects/\_list+ - list all configured and parsed object types

* +/\_objects/object-class+ - full configuration of all objects in the
  given class. _object_class_ is one of: _host_, _hostgroup_,
  _servicegroup_, etc. Any of the acceptable configuration options for
  Nagios. Note, object of the specific class must exist in
  objects.cache file, or it will not appear on the list.

* +/\_objects/object-class/\_list+ - short list of all names of configured
  objects

* +/\_objects/object-class/object-name+ - full configuration of the
  object.

== Routes to get service status information

Every route can optionally end with "/list" or "/state" and format
specifier +\.(xml|json|yaml)+

* +/list+ option produces only list of hosts/services
* +/state+ - gives short status of host or service
* if none are provided, then will print out full parsed hash 


=== Hosts
* +/\_status+ - full list of all hosts with service(s) information
* +/\_status.xml+
* +/\_status/\_list+ - list of hosts
* +/\_status/\_list.xml+

=== Services

* +/\_status/_hostname_+
* +/\_status/_hostname_/services(/(\_list|\_state).FORMAT_EXTENSION?)?+
* +/\_status/_hostname_/services/_service name_+

= Examples

== Status file

        curl http://localhost:4567/_status

        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_state

        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_services/_list
        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_services/list.json

        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_services/state
        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_services/state.yaml

        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_services/SSH
        curl http://localhost:4567/_status/viy/_services/SSH/state.yaml

== Objects cache file

        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/command
        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/command/_list
        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/command.json

        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/command/traffic-average
        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/command/traffic_average.yaml

        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/contact
        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/contact/_list
        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/contact/_list.yaml

        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/host/_list.yaml
        curl   http://localhost:4567/_objects/host/viy

